README.md, before:

# Vitess Client for Scala

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dispalt/vitess-client_2.11/badge.svg?style=plastic)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dispalt/vitess-client_2.11)


This is an implementation of the [Vitess](http://vitess.io) grpc interface using a full scala toolchain.
The reason for this is three-fold.  

* Using [ScalaPB](https://github.com/trueaccord/ScalaPB) gives a more scala-like interface.
* Netty 4.1 incompatibility. There are two clients one is shaded the other is not. Netty 4.0 to 4.1 introduced
multiple binary incompatibilities which makes it hard to integrate two different dependency trees
* I can build a [Quill](https://github.com/getquill/quill/) adapter for [Vitess](http://vitess.io), 
which is a great lightweight compile-time SQL abstraction.

## Quick start

### SBT

In your `build.sbt` include the build coordinates hosted on maven like so.

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.dispalt" %% "vitess-client" % "0.2.0"
)
```

Or to use the shaded version instead, include the following artifact.

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.dispalt" %% "vitess-shade" % "0.2.0"
)
```

# License

Apache 2.0, see the LICENSE file for a full copy.

Commit message:

Support Quill 1.1.0, fix up the optionEncoder
Will probably need to revisit how some of this works, since it's a little clunky.

README.md, after:

# Vitess Client for Scala

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dispalt/vitess-client_2.11/badge.svg?style=plastic)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.dispalt/vitess-client_2.11)


This is an implementation of the [Vitess](http://vitess.io) grpc interface using a full scala toolchain.
The reason for this is three-fold.  

* Using [ScalaPB](https://github.com/trueaccord/ScalaPB) gives a more scala-like interface.
* Netty 4.1 incompatibility. There are two clients one is shaded the other is not. Netty 4.0 to 4.1 introduced
multiple binary incompatibilities which makes it hard to integrate two different dependency trees
* I can build a [Quill](https://github.com/getquill/quill/) adapter for [Vitess](http://vitess.io), 
which is a great lightweight compile-time SQL abstraction.

## Quick start

Currently this only supports Scala `2.11` until [quill#617](https://github.com/getquill/quill/pull/617) lands.

### SBT

In your `build.sbt` include the build coordinates hosted on maven like so.

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.dispalt" %% "vitess-client" % "0.2.0"
)
```

Or to use the shaded version instead, include the following artifact.

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.dispalt" %% "vitess-shade" % "0.2.0"
)
```

### Quill Support

Add the following to your build dependencies.  It will automatically pull in `vitess-client`,
so if you want to use the shaded version, exclude the dependency and 

```scala
libraryDependencies ++= Seq(
    "com.dispalt" %% "vitess-quill" % "0.2.0"
)
```

The current version `0.4.0` supports [Quill](getquill.io) `1.1.0`

# License

Apache 2.0, see the LICENSE file for a full copy.
